Adding more detailed Zone Version Management limitations (#13102)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/version-management/_partials/_product-limitations.md

  list: never
---

Version Management does not currently support or have limited support for the following products or features: 
- [Waiting Room](/waiting-room/)

>   - Users active on the site may be placed back in the queue
>   - Users in queue may lose their spot in line
>   - Traffic may exceed limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Users active on the site may be placed back in the queue.
  - Users in the queue may lose their place in line.
  - Traffic may exceed limits.
```

- [China Network](/china-network/)
  - Regardless of the version deployed to production, traffic in China will always target the root zone
  - Other incompatibility issues with Access and ICP licenses
- [WAF Attack Score](/waf/about/waf-attack-score/)

>   - WAFML settings are not cloned when a new zone version is created
> - [API Shield](/api-shield/)
>   - Some API Shield settings are not cloned when a new zone version is created
>   - Customers are allowed to opt-in to remove the UI block that prevents enabling Version Management
> - [Cache](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/)
>   - Cache settings are versioned, but cache keys are not
>   - Caching a new URL on staging would cache it for production as well
>   - Purging cache on staging would purge it on production too
>   - Promoting a new version to production, would wipe all exiting cache
> - [Workers Cache API](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/)
>   - Product incompatibility issues
>   - Workers Cache API doesn't work with Version Management
> - [Cache Rules](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/) when used with [Cloudflare Images](/images/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - WAFML settings are not cloned when a new zone version is created.
- [API Shield](/api-shield/)
  - Some API Shield settings are not cloned when a new zone version is created.
  - Customers are allowed to opt-in to remove the UI block that prevents enabling Version Management.
- [Cache](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/)
  - Cache settings are versioned, but cache keys are not.
  - Caching a new URL on staging would cache it for production as well.
  - Purging cache on staging would purge it on production too.
  - Promoting a new version to production would wipe all exiting cache.
- [Workers Cache API](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/)
  - Product incompatibility issues.
  - Workers Cache API does not work with Version Management.
- [Cache Rules](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/) when used with [Cloudflare Images](/images/)
```

>   - Product incompatibility issues
>   - Image Resizing doesn't work with additional_cacheable_ports Cache Rule setting and Zone Versioning
> - [Domain Scoped Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#domain-scoped-roles)
>   - Domain Scoped Roles apply only to your root zone
>   - Once a new version is created, these roles do not copy over, losing access to versions
> - [Security Insights](/security-center/security-insights/)
>   - Not showing Security findings when Zone Versioning is enabled and first version is deployed to production
> - [Network Error Logging](/network-error-logging/)
>   - NEL settings are not cloned when a new version is created
> - [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/)
>   - If a version has a worker route, it might disappear when a worker is deployed via wrangler
>   - If two versions have the same custom domains, the worker might chose randomly between the two
> - [Cloudflare API](/api/)
>   - Zone Version Management does not currently expose a public API
>   - Customers can only use Version Management through the Dashboard
> - [Terraform](/terraform/)
>   - Zone Version Management does not currently support Terraform
>   - Customer should either use Terraform or Version Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Product incompatibility issues.
  - Image Resizing does not work with `additional_cacheable_ports` Cache Rule setting and Zone Versioning.
- [Domain Scoped Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#domain-scoped-roles)
  - Domain Scoped Roles apply only to your root zone.
  - Once a new version is created, these roles do not copy over and they lose access to versions.
- [Security Insights](/security-center/security-insights/)
  - Security findings are not shown when Zone Versioning is enabled and the first version is deployed to production.
- [Network Error Logging](/network-error-logging/)
  - NEL settings are not cloned when a new version is created.
- [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/)
  - If a version has a worker route, it might disappear when a worker is deployed via Wrangler.
  - If two versions have the same custom domains, the worker might randomly choose between them.
- [Cloudflare API](/api/)
  - Zone Version Management does not currently expose a public API.
  - Customers can only use Version Management through the Cloudflare dashboard.
- [Terraform](/terraform/)
  - Zone Version Management does not currently support Terraform.
  - Customers should either use Terraform or Version Management.
```
